****************************************************************************
* Meeting: 	caGrid Portal Status
* Date: 	2008-07-31
* Venue:	Teleconference
* Attendees: 	Larry Brem, Ram Chilukuri, John Eisenschmidt, Manav Kher, 
*		Joshua Phillips 
****************************************************************************

Agenda
------
1) caBIO Portlet
2) Open Portal Bugs
3) Meeting with Steve re:caGrid Security in Portal
4) NCRI Meeting
5) Portal 2.1 Scope

Notes
-----
1) Ajax-based approach may not be the best way to move forward. 
3) Five functions: request user proxy, check grouper membership, administer a grouper, request host certificates, and integrate with Credential Delegation Service (CDS)
4) NCRI meeting tomorrow. Is it worthwhile to continue moving forward? NCRI took different approach to their portal: categorized by biological concepts which we don't currently support (but could). Perhaps backbone models as a starting point?
5) Manav feels there should be an October release to support caBIO. Joshua feels it should be a minimal point release. Would be nice to avoid full release in October (QA, documentation, etc) if possible. 

Action Items
------------
1) Joshua and Manav should discuss ideal reference approach and send to John in the next day or two. 
2) Joshua and Manav should review and close.
3) Steve wants some GAARDS-UI functionality in portal. Manav is mocking up screens for those five functions.
5) John will check with Mike Keller if we need to curate updates to participant information. John will review scope documents and priorities and propose scope for next 2 portal releases.